---
title: Encoding and Decoding 
layout: post
author: jaymin.bhatt
permalink: /15/09/16/
source-id: 1XhnsDhUcR-7Iy5wf-HGcpMl5L0WeCPJUcYuGskLZhsg
published: true
---
         

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Encoding and Decoding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/10/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Produce a spreadsheet and create a Encoding and Decoding method</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand what the code actually does to the spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I understand why and how the code makes the cipher work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We created the spreadsheet and chose our cipher and set out the page neatly and wrote out a keyword. This keyword would automatically be encoded and would show the decoded version as well. We used the VLOOKUP code which functioned our cipher. This task was a very independent task and helped me work fluently as I was not distracted. In addition, I believe that this activity required great concentration and I think the strategy I used worked. The strategy that was mainly effective was working with another person. This helped both of us in many ways, it gave me a great understanding of how to develop my work and how to understand the ways my cipher would function.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Predominantly, the habit that limited my learning was not asking the teacher for advice and guidance, I think I should've used my teacher more and asked more questions which could’ve developed my learning.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will need to change my idea of using the people around me, I think maybe I could’ve asked the teacher more questions that would’ve not only developed my learning but also help to understand some mistakes that I had made. It is very important to ask questions about the work you are producing as there are many ways you can change your work to make it better.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


** **

